This wedding dress just arrived in our store
It suits this lady very well
The two of you are about to get married
This is a talented woman
Just this one
Grandma, this wedding dress suits you very well
You go in and change clothes first
I'll wait for you outside in the afternoon
Yo who is this
This is not the vice president of Fuji Group
Why are you rushing over today
Do you want to choose a wedding dress for my fiancee
Fuxin, Fuxin
Aren't you amazing
Can't you hold the whole Fuji Group in your hands?
Why are you watching the woman you like now
Became my bride
Why don't you speak
To be honest, I tell you that I don't like you at all
Five years ago I deliberately approached him
Let him love me like simp love to die
And I also robbed him of his walking spot
Five years later today
I can still make him marry me willingly